Now um these are some of the again few lessons, few more lessons learned.
I think I have taken some examples that P one P two I was telling, right?
It worked for P one P two
but it did not work for P three P four, right?
That's the uh the first row,
other the second, so that that you already know, right?
So the second one is the closure notes in incident dump pulled from service. Now,
the accuracy of recommendation significantly influenced by the quality of data.
In one instance,
J
I generated an incorrect knowledge article due to a spelling error
in the incident. Closer note
that is on ground.
So you see that second row,
there was a note to each in the closure note, there is a word called un
Gr
Ound on ground,
but it was supposed to be on ground. Now,
this LLM will not understand.
So if you give a word called on ground, then LLM will hallucinate something. So
we got a very totally different uh
uh knowledge article from the. So basically our object our use case was creating um
so
notes are there right?
From the resolution notes we are creating some knowledge, document,
knowledge article
and it gave it hallucinated because of this.
OK. So the quality of documentation is very, very critical.
Then
the third one actually it was the use case was a test case journalism. And
as Rita was saying, right, for test case generation, you need to, you have to have
users to read documentation.
No,
when we
the the user stories,
it was written right in the project
as is when we took the user story and asked the generator
to create test cases, the test cases were not making sense.
Then what happened?
You are you asked to rewrite the uh
test cases
in a particular
like a standard format that agile brings in, right?
So you can read as
if you can read the A
and to be right,
change CS CRSD
on joiner
doj change the
generative. I will not understand what is DOJ,
what is the CS
CRSD?
It means
because Gene Tia
is not a human with a like
the DOJ can have anything, right? But in this context context, Doj is that of joining
but DOJ may be something else. So
LLM can understand anything, right?
So that is why
if you look at all these are
expanded, right?
So we asked the team to rewrite the user story with all the expansions.
After that, it gave the uh user story which was around 70 80% correct
the
test cases.
So these are very ground level learnings that we uh got it.
Now the other example also I gave right,
fourth one we were use case was code generation.
Now
the code,
the code file where we're changing
the functionality had an independence in the other code file.
But in
only
the code file where changes has to be done was opened.
So the code which was getting generated was not making sense.
After analysis, we found that
this functionality has impact on the other code models
and it tends to refer those also
by generating code.
So we asked the team to open all these other code files in the id and try again
and it worked
you are seeing, right? How
like
that context we are saying, right,
generative A I has to get the exact right context to give the right output.
So like this, there are many uh uh this, when this file will be shared with you,
you can go through all this, right?
There are multiple multiple of learnings that we have
um brought in
so that when you
start I
take implementing, you take care of all this, right?
So uh in advance itself so that you don't get into that hallucination and
um uh waste of effort, right? Um or
low efficiency in your generative A I implementation.
OK. So this is what I wanted to share a couple of examples.
So
now the learnings are not uh something I mean uh it's not limited, right?
The the moment
we integrate more and more projects into Gen
on Gen
Wizard,
we'll get more learnings not only from pilots.
So is there any comprehensive system in accenture
which provides all the learnings so far?
What we get?
Uh
I don't think so,
but we are, we tried, we tried to consolidate
and put it here in the training materials.
Uh Learning harvesting from generative.
I
maybe a good idea will see uh if but again, for that, you need to
have a harvesting mechanism. So that because
today
you can say like fif uh 5060 clients are implementing the
visa, right? But tomorrow
it will be 503 100. So
we have to see how these learnings are to be harvested and all.
So when we are doing in the limit count we harvested all this,
right?